# Folder structure

```text
|   .dockerignore
|   .env
|   .gitattributes
|   .gitignore
|   docker-compose.yml
|   Dockerfile
|   LICENSE.md
|   GNUmakefile
|   mvnw
|   mvnw.cmd
|   pom.xml
|   README.md
+---.github
+---.mvn
|   ---wrapper
+---doc
|   |   FOLDER_STRUCTURE.md
|   +---classes
|   |   docker
|   \---sequences
+---src
    +---main
    |   +---java
    |   |   \---com
    |   |       \---cpnv
    |   |           \---bijavaaws
    |   |               +---annotation
    |   |               +---config
    |   |               +---controller
    |   |               +---exception
    |   |               \---service
    |   \---resources
    |           application.properties
    |           aws.example.properties
    \---test
        +---java
        |   \---com
        |       \---cpnv
        |           \---bijavaaws
        |               +---config
        |               \---service
        \---resources
            \---data
            \---groovy
```

Here is an explanation of the project folders structure:

## Files at the root of the project

- `.env`: Contains environment variables that are used by Docker Compose. It is used to configure the project name.
- `.dockerignore`: Lists patterns for files and directories that Docker should ignore when building an image.
- `.gitattributes`: Specifies attributes for files in a Git repository. It is used to tell Git how to treat
  certain files and can be used to set things like text encoding or end-of-line characters.
- `.gitignore`: Lists patterns for files and directories that Git should ignore when adding files to the
  repository or when checking for changes.
- `docker-compose.yml`: Is used to define and run multi-container Docker applications. It allows you to define
  the services that make up your application and how they should be deployed and run.
- `Dockerfile`: Text document that contains all the commands a user could call on the command line to
  assemble an image. It is used to automate the image build process.
- `LICENSE.md`: Likely contains information about the license under which the project is released.
- `GNUmakefile`: Is used to define commands that can be run from the command line to automate tasks. It is
  typically used to build and test software projects, but can be used for any kind of automation.
- `mvnw` and `mvnw.cmd`: These files are used to run Maven commands from the command line. `mvnw` is for Unix-based
  systems, while `mvnw.cmd` is for Windows. It allows you to run Maven commands without having to install it.
- `pom.xml`: This is the project object model (POM) file for the Maven project. It contains information about the
  project, such as its dependencies, build configuration, and plugins.
- `README.md`: Likely contains information about the project, including how to build and run it.

## Folders

- `.github`: Files related to GitHub, such as workflow configuration files.
- `.mvn/wrapper`: Files used to run Maven commands from the command line, specifically
  the `mvnw` and `mvnw.cmd` scripts.
- `doc`: Documentation, such as class documentation generated by Javadoc and
  sequence diagrams.
    - `classes`: Class diagrams images and the PlantUML source files used to generate them.
    - `docker`: Docker-related documentation.
    - `sequences`: Sequence diagram images and the PlantUML source files used to generate them.
- `src`: The source code. It is divided into `main` and `test` directories for
  production code and test code, respectively.
    - `main` : The production code.
        - `java/com/cpnv/bijavaaws`: Package containing the source code.
            - `annotation`: Custom annotations.
            - `config`: Configuration classes.
            - `controller`: Classes related to the REST API.
            - `exception`: Custom exceptions.
            - `service`: Classes related to the business logic.
        - `resources`: Non-code resources, such as configuration files.
            - `application.properties`: Basic application configuration.
            - `aws.example.properties`: Example configuration for the AWS SDK.
    - `test` : The test code.
        - `java/com/cpnv/bijavaaws`: Package containing the test code.
            - `service/DataObjectImplTest`: Tests for the classes related to data objects.
            - `config/ConfigMock`: Mock configuration class.
        - `resources`: Non-code resources for the test code, such as test data files.
            - `data`: Test data files.
            - `groovy`: Groovy scripts used by the tests.
